Timothy Asprec  0:00  
And it's very exciting. And just hearing a little bit more about the development that our builders have been doing has been really, really fantastic. I think today is now kind of one of the more important parts about Demo Day, and a lot of that goes down to storytelling. So to talk a little bit more about storytelling, your products matter, your features matter for the builders that have created these incredible applications, and what truly lands with the audience is the story that you're going to be telling about your organization and how and why this type of product is meaningful to your work. And I think that is what we're hoping for, is that by the end of the session, you'll have the core narratives, the hooks, the highlighted features that you're looking to basically introduce within a five minute presentation. And this is a very unique presentation. We've never had a presentation where it is both the client as well as the builders. It's always, generally just been the builders presenting. But having this, I think, allows more stake, but more importantly, for those that are on this call to really be able to highlight their businesses, their companies, their organizations, to main stakeholders at Amazon, at Google, as well as just the many, many invites that pursuit has been providing. Again, for those that have hopped on, I provided a link to RSVP for build day for our SMB partners, feel free to share it with colleagues as well as individuals that you think will be, you know, excited to attend this type of event and see the type of work that has been showcased for builders. Because of capacity, we're only asking if you guys can do one guest at a time. By next week, I'll know exactly where the numbers are and see if that number does change. But other than that, let's dive into today's session. So quite a lot today, but again, I think it's going to be incredibly productive and efficient and effective, but more importantly, informative and shaping what your presentation is going to be. So as you can see, there's multiple break Breakout Rooms packed while I'm kind of getting things together. Please make sure that the breakout rooms are situated. Yeah, and to talk a little bit more about today's run of show, we'll start off with just like, a quick introduction on why storytelling matters and why it's important for demo day. Immediately after that, we're going to go into the must haves, what are elements that need to be within your presentation? And then we'll move into the three core elements that are going to be a really, really big focus for your your presentation, which is a core narrative theme, your hooks, and then your highlighted features, I'll go into into pretty good detail and making sure that things are as situated as possible. Again, I want you guys engaging. I want you guys interacting and working with one another, and that's where the breakout room sessions goes. Now, Breakout Room sessions are only 10 minutes, so things go by really fast. I think this also gives a little bit more of an opportunity for you to connect again, and, more importantly, try to touch base and really finalize specific things that are necessary. And last but not least, I think we'll close out about what the presentation format looks like. Presentation format is, again, I'll say, and this is something that for the SMB partners on the line, you know, a lot of the builds are while they while they all differ, and they all have different applications. I mean, I'm a data guy. I love data. I love really, really pretty dashboards, and all of them, I want to say, like seven of the 10 have really phenomenal dashboards, but we just don't want to showcase presentations on just dashboards. What we want to showcase is the storytelling. And I think giving you guys ideas of what presenting can look like, that's what I want you walking away from and making your presentation as unique as possible, but more importantly, that really tells your story,

Merlin Parache  4:05  
recording in progress.

madison rosa  12:58  
Hello, Oh, Hi, there. I know you. How you doing?

Ariel Chen  13:08  
I am good. I'm good. How about you?

madison rosa  13:14  
I'm fantastic. So I have been lecturing this week, so I have been talking almost endlessly for let me see, nine hours on Monday, pretty straight, maybe eight hours Tuesday and seven hours just non stop lecture and I can talk a little more. Wow.

Ariel Chen  13:43  
I'm ready to go. Oh, my goodness. Is it all about? Is it about the same things that you mentioned to me the other day that,

madison rosa  13:58  
um, I don't remember what I mentioned, but this was a 22 hour course for adult learners who are, yeah, who are trying to get into a supervisory position, and they're wanting to learn all about safety during construction. So there were lots of, you know, Code of Federal Regulations ocean and city wise, and, yeah, so lots of those kinds of things happening. So, wow, amazing.

Ariel Chen  14:29  
Oh, my God, you are a professor,

madison rosa  14:34  
and I got a Christmas card, and I was signed by, I was surprised. Was signed by so many people that said, Thank you, Professor, right? I was happy about that.

Ariel Chen  14:46  
Oh, they love you.

madison rosa  14:51  
I was very much. I was really touched. Yeah, it's, it's always a pleasure to, you know, to help people broaden their horizons, learn new. Stuff. I'm happy about it. I see Merlin came in. Hey Merlin.

Merlin Parache  15:05  
Hi Merlin.

madison rosa  15:11  
So I can start, if you want. Where should we start? Do you want to, kind of steer? Do you want me to tell you what I you know, what I have, you know, thought about and what I can provide at the Yeah, at the event, you know, after, I guess, after you speak, how would you like,

Ariel Chen  15:31  
yeah, yeah, yeah. I would like to hear your thoughts. And we'll, we'll touch base on the three core questions that Tim mentioned, and we can, like, brainstorm and then, okay,

madison rosa  15:50  
I'm a little bit of a veteran, so I hope you don't freeze up, you know. Okay, good, oh,

Ariel Chen  15:59  
freeze up. Yes, I won't.

madison rosa  16:07  
So if you'll allow me, I can start with the problem, right? So that's the the origin story of sorts of you know why we think AI would be beneficial, right? So here's what I've written. So every small business has a moment when problems go faster, right then the people trying to solve them, and that's obviously me and Merlin working within may way mail. Okay, so that moment came the day that I realized right I was spending more time chasing down mail packages and customer questions than actually growing the business. Okay? So we weren't running a business anymore. At that point, the business was kind of running us. Okay? So that's, that's the problem, in a nutshell, very easy to understand. And then I could, you know, and then I could talk about the business itself, very briefly, for those who don't know us, you know, maybe may way mail plus is a hybrid mail center in Flushing, serving a primarily immigrant community. We do mailbox rentals, package receiving, virtual address services, printing, eBay sales, everything a modern small business, you know, and its residents here have come to us, you know, with their needs, okay, so, but behind the services, right? The reality was messy for us. Okay, so mail was arresting, was arriving faster than we could process it. Packages were stacking up, customers waiting for notifications that weren't coming in. You know, the preferred languages at times, manual logs, inconsistent tracking and a lot of human error. Okay, so that's where we were really desperate and blessed to have been selected by pursuit to come to where we are today, right with a solution? So, so that's my that's kind of where I would go, right with my introduction and and what we're about,

Ariel Chen  18:22  
I love that actually. I think it's because I've been every we have like different versions that we have to like present to pin and pack. And I came up with, I have my script, and then I think this is,

madison rosa  18:43  
you go, go with yours.

Ariel Chen  18:46  
Like yours is like amazing storytelling.

madison rosa  18:50  
I just like to, I just like to shoot into the to the point of it. What do you think, Marlon, where am I? Where are we? You agreeing with things or what?

Ariel Chen  19:00  
Yeah, yeah. I I really like it. I think if I was the audience that I was, like, really focused or or not, like, wander around, like, what are they talking about? And I love, like, the flow and everything, I think it's like 100 times better than what I've been saying.

madison rosa  19:26  
Don't say that. So give me your piece, because they're gonna ask, okay, you are the developer. What did you do? So tell me, like, I mean, you did so much, right? But now you just have to kind of articulate it and give it a fancy cover, I guess, a story,

Ariel Chen  19:44  
yeah, no, I, but I love how you say it. I, I guess I was describing our business as like local USPS at the area and and. Yeah, so that's that, that was, like, the main way that I described it, but like, how you were saying, like, we were, like, run by the business instead, I think that was really, like, I collect picture, and I very like, it gives me I'll click visualization.

madison rosa  20:22  
Oh, you mean, like when I said we weren't running the business, the business was running us. Yeah, that was the truth, right, right? Merlin,

Ariel Chen  20:33  
yeah. So, like, I be really loved. I think we can definitely build on top of that and that, like, I got hooked.

madison rosa  20:49  
Okay, good,

Ariel Chen  20:50  
and now I was wondering, like, what do we maybe want the audience walk away after the presentation? Is one tweak. Is one floor with you and like the message how we want the audience to walk away after the five minutes.

madison rosa  21:16  
So the three questions Tim asked, so the problem, Right, and who we are and what else.

madison rosa  21:36  
Honey,

Ariel Chen  21:52  
our theme. So I think you covered this. You Oh,

madison rosa  22:03  
those are the questions, right? So, what is the bigger story, which I mentioned, right behind the problem you solve? So I guess a little bit about the business, which I think we covered. What change does this project represent for the SMB does that? So is that

Ariel Chen  22:28  
change? I guess the impact from the project and at the end,

madison rosa  22:39  
yeah, so it's the opposite recording in progress.

Ashley  22:44  
So we have to come up also with a hook. That's our next goal. So we have three.

Timothy Asprec  22:49  
Ashley, we're gonna do the hook in just a bit after we go over the hook. So how is the core? How's the narrative to hop back on? So I

Ashley  23:01  
was under the impression that we had to, like review everything. So we spent only a little bit of time on the narrative. We're just focusing on the narrative right now. The narrative that we have is rock mccreator ai exists to ensure the brand signature voice is scalable and consistent, protecting the founder from burnout so they can show up authentically for their community. We both agreed that it sounds too generic and like too

Timothy Asprec  23:26  
generic again, get to the core of it again. As we're going through this worksheet, we're doing it part by part by part. So we're doing breakout spaces throughout for each each section. And I think maybe spend some time a little bit on the core, core core narrative. I think that's going to help out. But I know this is quick time, folks, welcome back. Would love to hear like one or two folks who have kind of, like agreed upon a core narrative, any volunteers? No, I'll repeat that. Jim, yeah. Would love to hear if anyone wants to volunteer, if they've identified a core narrative that they want to go with, with their, for their for their demo day. Oh, nothing yet. Jonathan, I saw your hand pull up. Yeah. Go ahead, John, let's hear it. Oh, I don't hear you. I don't hear you.

John Utley  24:26  
Yeah, all right, we're good. There we are. I might be off on the vernacular, but we, at least we came up with it. We Ethan and I both agree on a title at least 2.0 and our core narrative is basically, I think everyone's getting tired of the phrase digital transformation, but this is a delayed digital transformation, something that, ironically, I was calling at least paradigm shift in 2019 that got tabled by the covid. And there's some backstory, etc. And, you know, I. Warm and fuzzy come out of the covid, and now we're re engaging out these 2.0 after some extensive research and some new servers and hardware, software, etc, we're lucky, lucky enough to be the Queen's Chamber to engage pursuit, thanks to Amazon and the Google and the City Council of New York as we are developing and planning out the lead to at least 2.0

Timothy Asprec  25:31  
Yeah, yeah. I mean, I love the idea of digital transformation, and I think

John Utley  25:36  
the word though,

Timothy Asprec  25:37  
we hate the word, but then we can also find ways of like, really, kind of, like, expanding a little bit more on, like, what those narratives are. So I think, again, that's where I want you guys really thinking about a particular narrative. I'm gonna, I'm gonna pick on Val for a little bit as well as Mark, because I think I like your idea. I'm really big fan of the application of what you guys are writing and working but I think for your theme, it's like this idea of putting like Brooklyn first, you know, the culture into like, bringing back a real economy opportunity within tourism ecosystem. That's a theme, you know, that's something that, like, really stands out. And as you guys are, kind of like having these discussions and conversing, you know, these are certain things that I want you guys really thinking about when it comes down to the actual level, like the presentation itself. Now, again, the core theme, it is the bigger story behind everything that leads to this problem and leads to these particular solutions, but it bleeds into our next section, which is about hooks. And like I said, as we go into these breakout room sections, we only want you working within these particular sections. So going in one after the other, after the other, because they really do build off of each other. So to talk a little bit more about, like, what hooks are, you know, we're really trying to have you guys focus on two or three concepts within your presentation, opening up with a hook and setting the stage. It's the important part of getting the audience to pay attention before you having to explain anything. This is where, you know, SMB partners, you guys really do shine because it's you talking about your business. This is you talking about your organizations and describing the real frustrations, you know, the operational bottlenecks that are immediately impacting you know, your particular problem, but will ultimately resonate with the audience. And again, strong presentations don't necessarily need to rely on just one hook. You can have more than one hook, and it allows you to interweave and go through that level of storytelling. And I think that is something that ultimately stands out. So the hook, at the end of the day, it ties back to that core narrative. Again, 10 minutes really, really does fly by. But ultimately, when we think about what the hooks are going to be, it's based off of that ultimate theme, that core narrative theme. So let's take it back just quick second when we when we're talking about the Uber example, empowering people to move through cities with confidence, speed and clarity. The three hooks that we have here is hook one. In many cities, getting a safe, reliable ride could take 20 minutes or more, and riders often have no idea if a car will show up. That's one hook. The second hook follows off from that. Drivers, on the other hand, struggle to find consistent passengers and waste time driving without a clear route to earning opportunity and hook three, we saw an opportunity to connect riders and drivers instantly using a real, real time data and AI to match supply and demand. So see how it blends when it's talking about changing the game for transportation and public transportation to highlighting the pain points. There's a pain point of people, you know, wanting to see if they're going to have a reliable ride. There's a pain point for drivers, making sure that they do have customers, that they are successful, that they are that they're not wasting gas and wasting resources, trying to find customers. And then hook three is connecting them through that portion, some guided questions when it comes down to creating a hook. Is, honestly, you know, what are the two or three moments that best captures the before state? What did it look like before? You know, the builders started working. For example, I'm going to pick on Arthur for a little bit. Arthur's problem was like, he was very manual. Was a manual process when he was explaining to me, and, you know, the first session that we did with Greg, it was downloading a CSV from the CSV, deleting a couple of columns from the columns, filtering it by date, from filtering it by date. You know, there were more filters that were being done, and just a lot of a manual, manual deleting process. And filtering that makes it a painstake, but all of us have actually been there. We've all been in situation where we had to open up a spreadsheet and had to do it manually, until there was a better way that's found that hook those elements, those pain points, are what ultimately allow the audience to understand where you're coming from and why this is a problem, and why these applications are needed and are necessary. So what we're going to do for the next session, and again, we're going to jump into breakout rooms. Again, Pete has recreated the breakout room, so automatically you guys get to be pushed into them, is that for the next 10 minutes, I want you to develop the hooks for those of us that still need to work on the the core narratives. Again, chat a little bit more about the core narratives, bring it back to the Uber example, and from there, I think that will help you develop, what are those three hooks? So pack, are we good to go with breakout rooms,

Merlin Parache  31:03  
recording in progress.

Ariel Chen  31:18  
Hello, we're back.

madison rosa  31:21  
You know, this is interesting, the back and forth. I haven't done this on Zoom.

Ariel Chen  31:25  
You have you have done I haven't.

madison rosa  31:27  
I have not done this on Zoom. No, not with the whole thing. It's like, it's everything

Ariel Chen  31:36  
a little bit because, yeah, I didn't expect that either.

madison rosa  31:41  
Yeah, we were okay. So my hook was essentially how I started, right? Yeah. Again, every small business you know has the moment when problems go faster than the people trying to solve them, right? That's my spiel. So that moment came the day I realized I was spending more time in Merlin, of course, chasing down mail packages customer questions, than actually growing the business. Yeah. So we weren't running the business anymore. As I mentioned, the business was running us.

Ariel Chen  32:16  
Got it, got it. Is there something more specific that we could, like, add into that, that tie into our mail serve service,

madison rosa  32:27  
um, let me see. I mean, we can go into the second part that I wrote, which was talking about the services themselves. You know, we're a hybrid mail center and flushing serving a primarily immigrant community. We do mailbox rentals, virtual address services, printing, eBay sales, right? So I can go into that, or we can, we can think about an alternative hook. You there, Merlin, by the way,

Merlin Parache  33:02  
yeah, what

madison rosa  33:04  
are you thinking about the hook itself? Trying to develop some hooks.

Merlin Parache  33:10  
Well, initially I was just thinking about processing, because, like, the processing for any of the services that we do is they're all linking. When it comes to getting a new client for the mailbox, you have to have them sign paperwork. They have to, you know, pull up their ID. They have to go get it motorized. So at least with it comes to processing their paperwork and saying, Hey, look, you're officially with us. You know, the application helps reduce that time at least by a little bit, you know, just so we're not having a, you know, one client just sitting in the room for like, you know, 15 minutes straight. You know, with the app, we're definitely going to reduce that time so we can get to other tasks that we have throughout the day, because that ends up helping with me quite often. So the app is going to help with that, right?

madison rosa  33:56  
So we have to spin that into a nice little ball, which is a hook, right? So you've included some of the, some of the issues. So the hook is like, you know, the attention line the grabber, right? So one morning, we opened up. Before, you know, customers were lined up. They're asking us where my packages are. You can't answer quickly, right? That's when we realize, okay, we need more than help. We need a transformation that. So that's a hook, you know? That's kind of the hunk. And there's, there's a lots, lots of ways we could spin it, you know, and kind of add different hooks. And that was the one that he shared with us, the Uber, Uber side. So what do you think in Ariel, in terms of hooks?

Ariel Chen  34:47  
Yeah, I like the process thing. Sorry, my computer's gonna die. No, you're okay.

madison rosa  34:54  
My Are you in pursuit offices now? I'm at work.

Ariel Chen  35:00  
Search my fashion job. This is my fashion company. But I was thinking, what's kind timing, tying something with we have, like, multiple places that we have to put our information, or like the Apple notes, the spreadsheets, the Google Docs and or email Gmail itself, like switching between tabs and then reduce that. Would that be, like, a really strong hook, or, yeah,

madison rosa  35:52  
we just, you know, we have to get people's attention quickly. Yeah, right. So everything you just mentioned, yeah. So maybe, like, Okay, our biggest challenge at May way, male plus, wasn't effort, it wasn't dedication, it wasn't customer service, it was time, human time, yes, right? And we were running out of it. Ai became the solution, okay, right? Ai became the solution. That finally broke the bottleneck, something like that, right? That's what they're

Ariel Chen  36:25  
I know. I know, like, yes,

madison rosa  36:28  
remember, you remember what Steve Jobs with the turtleneck? He would just do it like that. And here's the new whatever.

Ariel Chen  36:39  
Yes, yes, so yeah, I mean, go that route, yes, for sure. Okay, yeah,

madison rosa  36:48  
so that that's another kind of angle. Okay, you know, there's a funny thing about success. If you're not prepared for it, it becomes your enemy, right? May way, mail was growing. Our customer base was growing, but so was the chaos.

Ariel Chen  37:04  
All right, yes,

madison rosa  37:06  
that's what we realized we need AI, not for the future, but for survival today. That's where we need to be. Yes, hey, Merlin, put yourself on mute.

Ariel Chen  37:20  
Yeah, sorry, just one second like, I'm like, plug it in.

madison rosa  37:28  
Okay, yeah, yeah. So, I mean, I don't think, I don't think a hook will be the issue. Could be something those two or three that I mentioned, some kind those kinds of angles.

Ariel Chen  37:42  
Yeah, I think that's, that's really great hook. And we have a lot of great ideas that we can, like, merge them together. Thing I had, I will have to, like, kind of organize while we talk about after this call, and then come up with, like a plan to, like a draft and then,

madison rosa  38:08  
yeah, yeah, if I had known, I would have wrote some stuff down. But I can write some stuff and share emails or what have you.

Ariel Chen  38:16  
No problem at all. So I think we have great quick, like the time do we know, like the actual time maybe spend certain I know that I saw the spreadsheet that you're starting to get like 20, sometimes 20 that I saw, or like, 40 total, yeah, most in the spreadsheet, and that's only going to grow even more, right? So the volume and then the time,

madison rosa  39:01  
yeah, I mentioned, you know, customer base was growing, but so was the, you know, the chaos, right? That's why, okay, yeah,

madison rosa  39:19  
I think the hook part is pretty straightforward, yeah, that's like, the, you know, that's a nucleus, like, take a that's the pitch, right?

Ariel Chen  39:29  
Yeah, and our core narrative will be a part of the thing. Also the book. Will like blend into this.

madison rosa  39:45  
Also. Core narrative is, you know, is essential, but you know, business services, I would say, so maybe what I said initially, what the you know? What? We provide, who we serve, right,

Ariel Chen  40:04  
right, right, got it. Got it. Okay.

madison rosa  40:13  
So I am actually in the salon, Ariel. I don't know. Should we? Should I? I have to leave here because the mall is

Merlin Parache  40:23  
closing. Recording in progress?

Timothy Asprec  41:02  
Boca, welcome back, folks. I know we're waiting on 15 more seconds for the rest of the group to join. I know these sessions are going really fast, so but hopefully they're informative. I

Timothy Asprec  41:23  
All right, welcome. Welcome back, folks. I know the session, I just said this before, but I know these sessions are going really, really fast, but hopefully you guys are having some informative conversations, and I think there's going to be some continued conversations afterwards, whether through it's like asynchronous or just anything, or just like meeting through zoom or meeting in person, that's going to be helpful for you guys to develop these so again, with hooks, like I said, I think they really kind of like allow the audience to really resonate really strongly with you. The last portion, before we actually talk about format, is going to be highlighting Feature Overviews. So for many of us, if you haven't seen your products, of course, please ask the builders to showcase and highlight and this is actually going to be great opportunity for them to really display what they have achieved and what they've created. But, you know, pack and I have been sitting with these folks for again, about seven weeks, seeing their seeing their products, day in and day out, the challenges, the creations, the creativity that has been established. And again, both of us are very, very pleased and very happy. I think the big thing is that it's so much stuff to say, especially with only five minutes, and I think that is something that is going to be the biggest challenge. So let's talk a little bit more about what features that you want to highlight, and, more importantly, how you're going to be choosing the best moments to really tell your best story. So when it comes down to this section, it's all about choosing two or three features. And when I say two or three features, it's two or three things within the application that you think are going to really wow the crowd, but more importantly, it's going to resonate really, really strongly with the audience, given their solution, given your hooks, given all these type of information, not every feature deserves stage time in a demo day. I think, in fact, it's almost too much overload if you were just to sit down. And some of you have already done this with your builders have sat down with them, and they've walked you through everything. It's a lot of information. And again, you don't want to overload the audience. You want to take the audience to really walking with you, walking through this story that you have created and you have established. And what you want to showcase are the strongest examples that represent this story and represents the decisions and represents the solutions and has that immediate value. You know, for me, I think you know which features that make the biggest difference are going to be the ones that really matter to you know, the SMB clients. What really stood out to you for this particular feature? I think builders getting that input is going to be important. But for the builders, I want you thinking about the features that best represents your thinking behind the solutions. I think there's aspects where there's going to be compromises, there's going to be overlaps, but there also might be disagreements, but ultimately, I think what you want to do is come down to two or three features again, that really represents it. Now builders will have an opportunity to record a full session that showcases their application, that's actually part of their submission, where they have to record no more than 20 minutes, but basically the full application as a whole, but within the actual demo day itself, we really only want you show. Casing those top three features that really stand out. So when you're looking at the type of questions you want to ask yourself when it looks at the application and when you go into the breakout rooms, what are the two or three features that clearly show the problems transformation, which features deliver the most value for the SMB perspective, which feature best demonstrates the role of AI in improving the workflow. And then, last but not least, which feature will the audience understand most easily in under one minute each example, and we're going to always bring it back to Uber, because they just think it's such a great example. They're all about innovation for transportation, right? That was our core narrative. Then we have the hooks, the pain points for both the riders as well as the drivers themselves, and how they found a marriage between the two. And then we look at the features that they're going to showcase. So the first feature is real time driver matching, where the app basically instantly connects our rider with the nearest available driver. The second feature showcases the dynamic fare estimate, which you know, it shows how much and basically, like provides transparency within fare predictions. And then last but not least, live driver tracking, which shows drivers approaching in real time, so that riders know exactly when their car will arrive. And many of us can say, Well, Tim, that is Uber. What you just explained is Uber, but I didn't explain that there's Uber Black or Uber Excel. I didn't explain that there's Uber Eats. I didn't explain that you're able to change the locations for a pickup destination points. Those are all different little features that have been added and created by the hundreds, if not 1000s, of engineers that are at Uber that are developing those things. But what we're really going for, and what this example is really doing, is basically building off of the hooks, you know, for the real time driver matching. That's where that's hook one, where it relates to it, for the driver fare estimates. That's great for the driver, because then they know that they have consistency within like having a business as a driver. And then, last but not least, live driver tracking goes back to that hook three. So thinking about the three features that you will really want to represent, it all bleeds from that core narrative. It bleeds from core narrative down to the hooks down to basically like these three highlighted features. So we're going to jump again into one of our last portions of for another 10 minutes, and then we'll bring it back. We'll talk really quickly about format, and then I will talk a little bit more about next steps. But pack, feel free to send them off to their breakout rooms, and I'll give you guys 10 minutes on the clock.

Merlin Parache  47:46  
Recording in progress.

Ariel Chen  47:57  
Hi, Ariel, can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you.

Merlin Parache  48:03  
Okay, cool, cool.

Ariel Chen  48:05  
Thank you. Thank you for being here and yeah,

Merlin Parache  48:08  
no, thank you for being here and all this opportunity.

Ariel Chen  48:12  
Of course, I actually, like, I'm like, curious, after you try a little bit webs, the website that we have, I started, I

Merlin Parache  48:25  
actually started data entry today, so it's, yeah, yeah. I started getting rid of the the, you know, our example, you know, the test, test examples, and started putting in some of our actual clients, yeah.

Ariel Chen  48:37  
I actually got a response from one of your clients. Oh, really, from to my to my pursue email. It was really, he said, Okay, I'm coming to pick like he said, Okay. I was like, Oh, you started to put the real person in there. I was like, wow, okay, yeah.

Merlin Parache  49:02  
It was good, yeah.

Ariel Chen  49:05  
So like, did you think there's like, few features in there that's from your perspective, that's like, bring you the most value, or, like, what feature might, like show the biggest transformation of the workflow.

Merlin Parache  49:24  
Yeah, sure, it's the, it's, it's literally just adding a new customer in, because I don't have to do all of that data entry through Excel, where I have to go to sell, to sell, to sell, to sell, you know, possibly, you know, modify the, you know, the sheet itself, you know, because the client has a long name, or whatever it's it's just simply having all that data on the app, I can just tap, tap, you know, it makes things more clear. And also, Excel sheet isn't really, like, actionable. It's just data that's there, you know, unless you're doing, you know, the functions, which is, you know, you. Kind of, you know, to do it out of all to do excels, you know, functions into other apps. It's kind of there, you know. So just having all those functions within the app itself, I think, is, is very handy. It's very useful. It's very actionable. And just quick, you know, it's way quicker than having, okay, let me jump from Excel to my email, okay, from an email to eBay, you know, or from, you know, Excel to just handwriting, you know, everything is on. Most of what we need is already on the app. When it comes to data entry for the mail, for our mail, for the mail pieces, and also photography, to which, you know, yeah, just implemented. So that is also nice to have.

Ariel Chen  50:44  
Oh, wow. Really interesting to hear about your perspective. And I was you're actually the customer part that would bring you be, like, the most valuable. But I'm really glad, yeah,

Merlin Parache  51:02  
yeah, because I'm the one that's, you know, in their day to day, you know, dealing with the clients, or dealing actually, most, actually, most of our clients right now are actually tenants within the mall. So having that function, having that functionality within the app, it's, it's, it's helpful, versus doing it through Excel Chen. Great.

Ariel Chen  51:22  
Did you think the I wonder if you tried it out with like the phone scanning, where you take a photo of the mail and then it will automatically log it for you, I wonder if you found it helpful, or if it's something that we could demonstrate in the way us, like,

Merlin Parache  51:43  
um, I yeah, I know as part of the AI, I think because a lot of um, a lot of the mail is designated to the business, and not the like the company, or like the owners, whatever per I think if we do, if I switch it around, Just just, you know, for them, just for demonstration purpose, to switch on that the name, I'll switch out the company for the, you know, the company's name, and then the owner's name, I'll swap them. And then I'll do it that way. You know what, at least two or three clients to show. Hey, look the AI does, oh, poop, you know, poop. I will try that on Friday. I will get back to you.

Ariel Chen  52:22  
Yeah, no problem. I'll make that

Merlin Parache  52:25  
definitely testing. Yeah,

Ariel Chen  52:27  
okay. I'll change. I'll then make that,

Merlin Parache  52:30  
if you are able to to have, I assume that it may be used as a toggle feature where, which one is to be shown when you're, you know, looking at it, versus displaying both, because I think displaying both may be weird for the interface just because of, you know, the amount of clients, or I think toggling it may be easier just to show which data is is preferred, you know, per client. Because if it's like an individual that wants to do a personal mailbox, or if it's the company that, hey, look, the company wants to receive the mail, that may be easier too, and also, there's less data too, for the AI to have the process, right? Oh, is it company? Does it match company? Does it match individual? Does it? You know, if you know it's having to do half the work, so that may also be easier on your end, right?

Ariel Chen  53:18  
Got it so, like you're saying the mail itself. It says the company name. A lot of yeah, they often

Merlin Parache  53:26  
text to the company got it, and it also be, and also, it becomes more versatile, right? For our non business clients and our, you know, personal mailbox clients,

Ariel Chen  53:38  
yeah, yeah. Okay, okay. Thank you. So we were say, I was asking Merlin, what, what? What part of the app does he find most helpful or impactful? And he shared with me is the customer adding customer part is the first one, I think, and then the other one is having actionable buttons, because the spreadsheet doesn't do that. So I having that app is helpful for him.

madison rosa  54:13  
Yeah, I'm reading the otter summary here.

Ariel Chen  54:17  
Okay, oh,

madison rosa  54:20  
yeah, so let's, let's remain efficient. I will definitely read this back. I just want to cover all bases. So what else do we have on the table to discuss, to do,

Ariel Chen  54:35  
yeah, for I wonder for you. We so we want to present two to three features that bring you the most value, or like it's aI related, or having something that can have, like a wow effect at the demonstrate the demo day. A and that's why we're workshop in which feature we might want to present, because there's a lot of things going on on the website.

madison rosa  55:15  
Okay, so the features? Is that something we should discuss, or is that something you would be discussing

Ariel Chen  55:24  
as a team we can decide what to present on the demo day. But I was thinking, one of the feature that I personally think might bring like a effect is the scanning, the scanning feature of taking photos of the letter, and it will automatically log for you. And then after you log, you can send the reminder at the spot. And Merlin mentioned that there's something that he wants me to fix so that will that could move even smoother, because I only have like the name, individual names right now, not the company, so it doesn't detect like the company, I think, at the moment, but I'm going to change that tomorrow. But I wonder, what did you think from from your perspective, from what you saw the app that my brain that might be a good feature to present.

madison rosa  56:35  
Okay, so I did see the overarching I saw it when I came in for my lecture. Late, it was open on Merlin's desktop. I saw that you had added some dollar amounts, which I didn't explore. I didn't explore the scanning feature itself. But So my answer very

Timothy Asprec  56:54  
recording in progress, trying. I'm trying. I

Ashley  57:19  
I can't do regular Sports anymore, Tim's, i know i

Timothy Asprec  57:54  
Alright, welcome. Welcome back, folks. Alright again. I know this has been quick sessions, but I think this is allowing you guys get the juices flowing and just kind of get an idea of how the presentations are going to look. We are going to, just because of time sake. We're going to skip the last Breakout Room session. But I do want to go over something that's very important, which is the presentation format overview. So when it comes down to the presentation format overview. You know, the heart of any Demo Day is the delivery and the heart of any presentation is just the delivery itself. I think the presentation format should look differently across each team, each group. Like I said, there's seven builders here on the call that have created incredible and phenomenal dashboards that have been influential and impactful and provide a lot of data and analytics. That's great. But how do you differentiate different products, one from another? Obviously, it's for different problems, different use cases, different companies. But ultimately, I think what we want to think about is in this five minute structure, how can you choose, or how do you choose to tell your story? And that's completely up to you. There's no single format that's correct. Instead, think of today as just like different levels or different menu styles that you can utilize when it comes down to selling this story. You know, there's certain personalities that also fit better when it comes down to just like the storytelling. I think for many of the builders you guys have worked on your storytelling, you've worked on presentations, but a lot of your presentation has been very formulaic. You talk about the company, or you talk about the project, you talk about the problem, you go into the solution, you highlight the features, and that's it. Bing, bam, boom. What we want to do is just really be just honestly creative and unique. You know, many teams will naturally gravitate towards certain traditional formats, but. I was saying with the builders, you've had that level of guidance. But in addition to that, I want you to go beyond that and think about different structures that give clarity. And more importantly, the flow is tight, and I think that's where the big benefit comes from. That's where storytelling really comes into fruition and really break things down. So when we think about it, and when we think about like, what is, what are the different formats, there's traditional. Traditional is very much like I said, talking about the problem, talking about the solution, demoing, that's clarity. But there's also aspects where it's storytelling first, where there's that emotional portion that's being pulled in. There's SMB led demos where, let's say, for example, the SMB client is doing the application. I'm going to use Ariel and Madison as an example. Let's say Madison is taking the picture. He has his letter and he takes the picture as Ariel is voicing over it, that provides authenticity. And then there's that reveal style, which is there you're doing the level of build up, kind of like Steve Jobs does, and basically provides that level of excitement as well as simplicity. And again, that's where the format goes. You can choose, you can pick and identify which one works for you. But at the end of the day, a lot of that is what's going to allow you to stand out and just allow all these projects to be very, very unique, authentic, and, most importantly, very, very impactful. So couple of examples. And of course, like the questions I have, the guided questions are there. Again, I'll be emailing everyone immediately after this meeting with all the information is there's option one. Again, like I said, the traditional style where you know, you go through the core features, you talk about the problem, talk about the solution, then go through the core features. The storytelling is very different. You walk them through a scenario. You walk them through a situation. Option three, SMB, user led one presents as as the writer within the application, while the builder narrates the intelligence behind the scenes. And then option four. Option four is a product reveal the Steve Jobs inspired one. There are very different ways to do this, and I personally am a person that, like, really, really practices what I preach. So I'll show you guys an example, a of of just the type of work that I've done personally, and what I've done in my studies in graduate school. So I'll share that in just a minute. I want to make sure I actually have that available. I do have that and I want to make sure that is there so that you guys can see an actual example. Now, one thing I want to do, like I said, I'm going to skip this breakout room session. I think there is a lot of work that is going to be leading up to this. I think after this session, what you'll recognize is that you know you guys are going to have to meet again, which is never a bad thing. I think it allows you guys to really converse and identify, but more importantly, be on the exact same page of what you want to do. So for homework, that's teacher side of me of always saying it. But for your next steps, one, I want to make sure that everyone here, all of the SMB clients, RSVP, to Demo Day, if you've not have done so already, for the SMB clients, who can share the invitation to peers and colleagues. John, I know you're on the call and you're like you told me previously, when we were chatting, that you want to invite your daughter. Feel free to invite your daughter. Feel free to invite your family. We would love to have them on in addition to that, builders, you are allowed one guest. Again, that might change depending on next week and where the numbers are. But for SMB clients, if there's friends of yours, peers of yours, individuals that you think would benefit to see you know what pursuit has done and what this Amazon, Google pilot program looks like, please feel free to share them this invitation. In addition for SMB clients, what I would love for you guys to do is to complete this form. I already have two responses, so shout out to those two folks from Sean as well as Mark, to complete this form. This form is only going to take you two minutes, but basically it just tells me and informs me which day works best for you. For an in practice person session. This is a mandatory session we want to do. We want to have levels of practice. And part of practice runs is doing it in person. And again, they're on Monday for next week, Monday and Tuesday at 7pm at the pursued office. What I'm going to be doing on my end is. Gathering just additional pursuit staff and folks that we think are going to be beneficial to help evaluate as well as provide as much feedback as possible. And then, last but not least, builders are going to complete very, very long winded assignments. So I've already and for, I think, group one, I still haven't shared this with you, but you have quite the assignment and quite the survey to fill out by writing paragraphs about company. This the summary of the project, your deployed link, screenshots, talking about the technologies, but more importantly, two different recordings. The first recording is the application showcase recording where you're going to showcase the application entirely. So think of that as more of the traditional style. But there's no time limit. You can showcase more than three features. And then the second recording is working with your SMB partner. This is something that we want to see, you know, where you guys have kind of landed when it came down to, you know, today's session, feel free to also share this worksheet so that your SMB partner, as they are, as they're coming up with ideas, they can also fill out this worksheet with you. I've initially sent it out to the builders to start things off, but what I would like for the builders is to share this with your SMB clients, so that they can give their own thoughts and advice and anything like that. But we are expecting those two levels of recordings, just so that we can get that basically situated for you guys. And then I think that are, that is the last three. So now again, I'm a person that practices what I preach. So I will say a lot of this comes from just like my own personal experience, but also from what I've seen and my own research.

Timothy Asprec  1:06:52  
This was a presentation I did at stern and this was my initial presentation, and it was crap. I was told that by my advisor. So what did I do? I wrote a full script. I wrote even down a little blueprint of how I was organizing, like my slides personally, in order to create this presentation that looks exactly like this. Now, I went with the emotional routes for the storytelling. So that option two that we saw over here with storytelling first format, because, again, from my advisors, from my peers, the our theme was very much was meant to be exciting. The reason he, my advisor, didn't like my initial presentation was that he thought it was too bland and boring, and said, It looks like the MoMA we're not doing the moment. It needs to be exciting to him. So I went with something else that was very immediately pulling the strings and trying to get that level of investment. Again, option two is a style that worked for me. It might be a style that will work for a couple of those that are out here. But if you guys ever need a thought partner, or you have any particular questions, please feel free to reach out to me and my email. Have my Calendly. So if you would like to set up a session to say, Chen, I want to debrief. And I'm still trying to figure out, you know what? You know, what, what, what my hooks are. I'm happy to do that. Or I still don't know what my core narrative is going to be this is for both builders as well as SMB clients. Please feel free to reach out to me. Utilize my Calendly. I might be opening up time this Sunday. If you have time and you're available to chat and converse, I want to make sure there's that level of availability so that we can have something basically situated. Any questions before we hop off?

ayishaoglivie  1:08:48  
Yeah, so the document you're going to be sending that out, or has it already been sent out?

Timothy Asprec  1:08:54  
Which? Which document with the

ayishaoglivie  1:08:58  
core narrative, the hooks, etc, everything that's showing us that's

Timothy Asprec  1:09:04  
that's been sent out. Aisha, look at the Slack message. You'll see that. Send it again later on today too, in an email. John, what's up?

John Utley  1:09:17  
That was basically my question. Actually have two, but yeah, that word, that survey you want us to take, or whatever, the link you want us to fill out the two minute ask, you'll email that because

Timothy Asprec  1:09:27  
I haven't, yeah, yeah, I'm gonna email it right now. Okay,

John Utley  1:09:30  
cool. I just get a lot of emails, so it's like crazy, but um, and then dress code. I mean, are we going like, suit and tie, like fancy pants, or

Timothy Asprec  1:09:38  
I'll say business casual, business casual. I

John Utley  1:09:40  
think this is casual is better over the top to throw the like the three piece.

Timothy Asprec  1:09:45  
Yeah, no three piece suits. I think for Amazon, Google, they're very relaxed, yeah, even with some of their executives,

John Utley  1:09:53  
very excited. I was excited. I've worn a suit in decades, but

Timothy Asprec  1:09:56  
if you want to rock a suit, I'm. I don't know if I'll rock a suit.

John Utley  1:10:03  
I was turtleneck.

Timothy Asprec  1:10:06  
Turtleneck might be great. You'll see me without a hat in one of these sessions. Okay, on next Thursday. But any lasting questions, folks, before we hop off, I know we're 15 minutes over, so I want to be as respectful with time. All right. Well, thank you, folks. Be excited, I think, for the builders, incredible work. Seven weeks of hard work leads up to next week for the SMB clients that are on here today, incredible opportunity to showcase to Amazon as well as Google executives and many, many important folks that pursuit is inviting to this day, I'm hoping everyone across the board benefits. That's my goal. That's my mission. And if you guys have any questions, please feel free to reach out to me and look out for my email. Thank you.

ayishaoglivie  1:10:58  
All right, thank you. I'm excited. Thank

Ariel Chen  1:11:03  
you. All right. Bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
